# AFTERMATH 0.3.3: THE FLOW
**PATCH NOTES**
---
## FRAME PARTS
- **CX-33 EZEKIEL**: Now shoots from both miniguns.
- **HR-1000 RAVAGER**: Displays expansion ffx correctly.
- **HR-1000 RAVAGER/RC**: Displays expansion ffx correctly.
- **AR-1000 RAVAGER**: Fixed a bug that caused paint to apply to the incorrect arms.

## WEAPONS
- **LX-05 COLLOSSIAN**: Improved movement and functionality on biped legs. / Fixed menu display.
- **CRAZ-E-B-09-SL "SIMPLEPUNK"**: Projectile damage increased from 88 to 101. / Doubled residual napalm damage.
- **Vvc-710DL**: Fixed charged shot not launching any projectiles.
- **GX-68 LAMENTATION**: Decreased impact, acc impact, and damage. / Fixed menu display.
- **LSN-039 ADRIAN**: All leg types now scope into targets, not just bipeds.
- **C-MOD_6 ARCUS**: Charged shot ammo consumption increased from 4 to 7. / Charged shot sub-projectiles now lose tracking at 20m from target. / Fixed bugs.
- **GX-67 WISDOM**: Decreased impact, acc impact, and damage.
- **VP-60LT**: Increased laser impact, acc impact, and damage. / Increased laser ideal and effective ranges.
- **BT-699 FABRE**: Increased rocket impact and direct hit adjustment.
- **CRAZ-E-T-04-RT "MANYPUNK"**: Increased flame range from 100m to 125m.

## EXPANSIONS
- Fixed menu displays for most expansions.
- Fixed a bug that caused SWARM ARMOR to not fire all of its missiles and to not lock onto targets.
- Assault Armor now correctly destroys all incoming projectiles.
- **ASSAULT ARMOR**: Damage increased from 1500 to 1800. (200 outer, 100 inner) / Impact increased from 2000 to 2250. / Acc impact increased from 1380 to 1480. 
*All AA changes currently experimental.*

## MISCILLANIOUS
- Added better markers and improved dialogue in the first mission.
*No missions are ready for playtesting besides the first one.*
- Resolved a bug where the parts store would claim there were items to buy, but would still lock you out of the store.
- Fixed a rare bug where Harbinger would charge outside of the mission boundary immediately.
- "SYSTEM" menu added to mission failure screens.
- Scanned opponents now take 8% extra damage and impact.
- Some bug/QoL fixes too small to document.

---

# HOTFIXES
(Hotfix 0.3.3.1: Fixed MLT-04 missiles traveling extremely slowly)
(Hotfix 0.3.3.2: Shop items are now sellable; fixed Alt Saves)
